Dealing with "if then" type clauses, try 2  (alternative to #1409) (#1410)
ietf-tapswg/api-drafts: draft-ietf-taps-interface.md

any corruption within the non-protected part of the Message {{?RFC8085}}.
A special value of 0 means that a received packet might also have a zero checksum field,
and the enumerated value `Full Coverage` means

> that the entire Message needs to be protected by a checksum. A Transport Services API
> could express `Full Coverage` in various ways -- e.g., via an additional Boolean
> parameter of a function call.

Reviewer: Still sounds a little heavy handed…
```suggestion
that the entire Message needs to be protected by a checksum. An implementation
is supposed to express `Full Coverage` in an environment-typical way, e.g., as a Union type or special value.
```

If this property is Numeric, it specifies how long to wait before deciding that an active Connection has
failed when trying to reliably deliver data to the Remote Endpoint. Adjusting this property
will only take effect when the underlying stack supports reliability. If this property has the enumerated
value `Disabled`, it means that no timeout is scheduled. A Transport Services API

> could express `Disabled` in various ways -- e.g., via an additional Boolean
> parameter of a function call.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
could express `Disabled` in an environment-typical way, e.g., as a Union type or special value.
```

will only take effect when the underlying stack supports sending keep-alive packets.
Guidance on setting this value for connection-less transports is
provided in {{?RFC8085}}.
A value greater than the Connection timeout ({{conn-timeout}}) or the enumerated value `Disabled` will disable the sending of keep-alive packets. A Transport Services API

> could express `Disabled` in various ways -- e.g., via an additional Boolean
> parameter of a function call.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
could express `Disabled` in an environment-typical way, e.g., as a Union type or special value.
```

lower-bound rate below which the application does not deem
it will be useful. These are specified in bits per second.
The enumerated value `Unlimited` indicates that no bound is specified.

> A Transport Services API could express `Unlimited` in various ways -- e.g.,
> via an additional Boolean parameter of a function call.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Transport Services API could express `Unlimited` in an environment-typical way, e.g., as a Union type or special value.
```

a peer as new members of the Connection's group. Similar to `SetNewConnectionLimit`,
this limits the number of `ConnectionReceived` events that will occur, but constrained
to the group of the Connection associated with this property. For a multi-streaming transport,
this limits the number of allowed streams.  A Transport Services API

> could express `Unlimited` in various ways -- e.g., via an additional Boolean
> parameter of a function call.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
could express `Unlimited` in an environment-typical way, e.g., as a Union type or special value.
```

This value allows a sending stack to avoid unwanted fragmentation at the
network-layer or segmentation by the transport layer before
choosing the message size and/or after a `SendError` occurs indicating
an attempt to send a Message that is too large.  A Transport Services API

> could express `Not applicable` in various ways -- e.g., by letting a querying
> function call fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
could express `Not applicable` in an environment-typical way, e.g., as a Union type or special value.
```

Author: Wait wait, this one is different!  It's a read-only parameter, where "not applicable" is returned... do you want to say "Union type or special value" here?  Ok with me but just checking... I thought a failing query function is easy enough?

Reviewer: you are right, it's different. But the proposed variant "letting a querying function call fail." is also no really good solution. I also prefer as a Union type or special value here.
